Module Documentation: Product Inquiry Form and Notification 
Table of Contents
    Overview of the Module
    Features and Functionality
    Installation and Setup
    Showcase practical examples of module
    Enhancement points
    Testing


Overview of the Module
    Magento 2 Product Inquiry module 
        The "Product Inquiry Form and Notification" module enhances your Magento 2 store by providing a seamless way for customers to submit inquiries about products directly from the product detail pages. This module streamlines communication between customers and administrators, allowing customers to ask questions about products and receive timely responses while empowering administrators to efficiently manage and address customer inquiries.

Features and Functionality
    Enable/Disable the Module
    Configuration Options
    Product Inquiry Form
    Placing the Inquiry Form on Product Detail Page
    Required Fields and Validation
    Submitting an Inquiry
    Customer Notification
    Admin Interface
    Accessing the Admin Panel
    Managing Inquiries
    Viewing Product Inquiries
    Replying to Inquiries
    Displaying Inquiries in Admin Grid
    Filtering and Sorting

Clear Instructions: Provide step-by-step instructions for installation, setup, and usage.
    #Installation
        Magento2 Product Inquiry module installation is very easy, please follow the steps for installation-
            1. Unzip the respective extension zip and create Chandan(vendor) and ProductInquiry(module) name folder inside your magento/app/code/ directory and then move all module's files into magento root directory Magento2/app/code/Chandan/ProductInquiry/ folder.

        #Run Following Command via terminal
        -----------------------------------
            php bin/magento setup:upgrade
            php bin/magento setup:di:compile
            php bin/magento setup:static-content:deploy

        2. Flush the cache and reindex all.

Now module is properly installed

Showcase practical examples of module.
        Steps
            1. Admin End 
                Setup the module Configuration.
                    Enable/Disable.
                    Select Email Templates. 
                Inquiry Grid Management
                    Grid lising with customer name, email, product name, subject and message 
                    Sorting and Filtering is avaible in Grid
                    Action column is avaible for reply message.

            2. FrontEnd
                Go To Catalog Product View Page.
                Click on the button Inquiry.
                Filled the Required Fields.
                Submit the form.
                Getting success message or error message.

Need to More improvement : 
            1. Need Bulk option at grid for delete, manage status.
            2. Need to inquiry view page to check there mail chain(chat).
            3. Need to mail Dyanamic modifying from Admin configuration.


Testing: Verify each step and instruction to ensure accuracy.
    vendor/bin/phpunit --testsuite=Chandan_ProductInquiry

